feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb9.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb9
title: Step 10
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

The card header is complete. Now you need to add the player photo section.

> After the closing `div` of `card-header` and still inside the `div` with class name `card`, add a `div` with the class name `card-image-wrap`. Leave it empty for now. You will add the image in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the closing `div` of `card-header` and still inside the `div` with `className` of `card`, add a `div` with the `className` of  `card-image-wrap`. Leave it empty for now. You will add the image in the next step.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-image-wrap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-image-wrap`.
```
